>> Mike North: Now, let's make it so
that it updates live.
What we're gonna have to do,
>> Mike North: Let me just take
a little pause here.
>> Mike North: That would be a good
time to break to the next segment.
>> Mike North: The last little step of
this problem that we're gonna tackle is
making it so
that we don't have to reload the page to
see our new message that we just created.
And we gonna do so by,
in addition to making that post request,
let's just add it to that messages array.
>> Mike North: So
that's in the chat-container,
after the response comes back,
if the response is okay, well,
let's just say if it's not okay will
throw an error saying couldn't.
>> Mike North: Couldn't
save the chat message.
So if we make it beyond that point,
we know the response returned
a thumbs up to us, and we will get
the JSON that the server returns.
This will have a chat message ID and
a timestamp.
Those are server concerns,
they are responsible for doing that.
So we could do message data
await response.json.
Let's put a debugger there and
see what we end up with.
>> Mike North: Send.
There's our message data, so great, we've
got a body at channel ID created at ID.
So this is a lot of
what we need to render,
unfortunately it doesn't include the user.
And if you look at the way these
messages come over the network,
if we just take a quick peek.
>> Mike North: Let me pull this up,
there's messages.
You'll see that we embed user record
in each of them, and this is so
that they each have a nice icon and
a name.
The idea is not really not enough for
us to render the name and
this little picture over here.
And that's fine,
we can just request the user ID here.
Now, this is where in a more robust app,
I would probably bake this
into the auth service.
And I would say, when the application
loads or immediately after you login,
I would go and
in addition to storing the user ID,
I would fetch the user record itself and
hold it there.
In this case, this is the only
place where we'll really need it,
I mean aside from up here, which you could
update on your own time if you want.
But we're just gonna fetch it
every time we create a message so
that we can assemble the correct
data structure here.
So we could say, user is, we'll do
this all in one line, await, await,
fetch API users, and then user ID.
>> Mike North: And then once that returns,
>> Mike North: .json,
there you go, a double await.
But this’ll end up with
getting us our user record.
And then we just want to save this
messages equals, cuz this is immutable,
we are creating a new array,
we’re using assignments so
that the track's property
is updated accordingly.
>> Mike North: So it's a new array that
is the messages that are already there,
combined with this new message.
And we're gonna create a new object that
has everything on message data, and user.
So we can use a spread operator
both with arrays and with objects.
But this is when you’re dealing
with immutable data and
you have to sort of create a new array
based on the contents of an old array, or
create a new object
based on an old object.
Being able to kind of unzip this
It's a really nice syntax to have,
and it saves you a lot of object
assign and array constructor stuff.
So let's see if this did the trick.
>> Mike North: Looks like it, it worked.
So, all we had to do create a new ray,
it's track property, things look good.
Let me check the test real quick.
>> Mike North: Channel footer, it's a new,
remember we just created
the JavaScript module for this.
We've done quite a bit of testing here,
I'm gonna just comment this one out,
and we are otherwise good to go.